What is the purpose of school ?
What is the changing role of the teacher, and how do we support that new role ?
How do we help students discover their passions ?
What is the essential learning that schools impart to students ?
How do we adapt our curriculum to the technologies that kids are already using ?
What does an educated person look like today ?
How do we change policy to support more flexible time and place learning ?
What are the essential practices of teachers in a system where students are learning outside of school ?
How do we ensure those without privilege have equal access to quality education and opportunity ?
How do we evaluate and validate the informal, self-directed learning that happens outside of school ?
How to write a cover letter?
Do Penguins Have Knees ?
Is The World Flat ?
Does your country have a good education system? What are its strengths and weaknesses?
Which countries have the best schools and universities? Why are they considered good?
Is education only for the young? What things should people learn as they grow up? What should people learn after they have grown up?
Henry Ford said, “Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.” Do you agree? Why?
Do you enjoy learning new things? Give an example if you can.
Does studying make you tired? Is it hard work? How can a student get energy for study?
What characteristics should a good teacher have?
Have you ever considered becoming a teacher? Why or why not?
Who has taught you a lot in your life?
Some people learn on their own. What things, if any, have you learned without teachers or formal education?
There are many education resources online such as videos or even full university classes. Have you used the internet to learn? Give an example if you can.
Some people feel education in schools damages originality and creativity. What do you think?
How do you feel about tests and examinations? Are they necessary?
What’s your learning style? Do you learn best by listening, reading, interaction, doing things, or by some other method?
Do you prefer to spend time with people of a similar level of education to yourself? Why or why not?